day 1 theory - done
day 1 hw - 1 done, 2 done, 3 done
day 1 hw check - done
day 2 theory - done
day 2 hw - done
day 2 hw check - done
day 3 theory - done
day 3 hw - done
day 3 hw check - done
day 4 theory - done
day 4 hw - done
day 4 hw check - done
day 5 theory - done
day 5 hw - done
day 5 hw check - done
day 6 theory - done
day 6 hw - done
day 6 hw check - done
day 7 theory - done
day 7 hw - done
day 7 hw check - done
day 8 theory - done
day 8 hw - done
day 8 hw check - done
day 9 theory - done
day 9 hw - done
day 9 hw check - done
day 10 theory - done
day 10 hw - done
day 10 hw check - done
day 11 theory - done
day 11 hw - done
day 11 hw check - done
day 12 theory - done
day 12 hw - done
day 12 hw check - done
day 13 theory - done
day 13 hw - done
day 13 hw check - done
day 14 theory - done
day 14 hw - done
day 14 hw check - done
day 15 theory - done
day 15 hw - done
day 15 hw check - done
day 16 theory - done
day 16 hw - done
day 16 hw check - done
day 17 theory - 
day 17 hw - 
day 17 hw check - 
day 18 theory - 
day 18 hw - 
day 18 hw check - 
day 19 theory - 
day 19 hw - 
day 19 hw check - 
day 20 theory - 
day 20 hw - 
day 20 hw check - 
day 21 theory - 
day 21 hw - 
day 21 hw check - 